wedding rush I'm getting married today
you think he knew I was here
well I've never done that with you
before well we did last night she's
stupid totally crazy stupid what are we
thinking I'm coming over tonight though
right oh yeah definitely
well we certainly are alone yes good
thing we had that not New York rule okay
um listen since we're on that subject um
I just wanted to tell you that um well I
was going through a really hard time in
London
what would my brother getting married
and that guy thinking I was Ross's
mother all right
well anyway I just that night meant a
lot to me and I guess I'm trying to say
thanks no you know that night meant a
lot to me too
and it wasn't cuz I was in a bad place
or anything it just meant a lot to me
cuz you're really hot is that okay
that's okay and I'm cute too and you're
cute dude blue all right I gotta go
unpack okay bye
I'm still on London time does that count
oh that counts okay you look cute in
bubbles
well you just all liquored up hey I've
had a very long hard day okay can't go
to work
and Rachel great to have you back
phoebs always a pleasure what took you
so long I got caught up at work but I'm
quitting tomorrow ah so thanks for
having me over
Rach Pheebs
see what the hell was that
probably some you know European goodbye
thing he picked up in London I love
European huh I felt French
never done that before yep
you